Update to doc for the new on-chain architecture (#728)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/transactions.adoc

:url_transactions_vote: transactions.adoc#vote

In Lisk, the state of accounts is updated by transactions included in a xref:{url_blocks}[block].

> Every account can issue a transaction, with the corresponding signature and data. There is a set of different transaction and each of these transactions has an specific validation and execution logic. Similar transactions are grouped together into one module. The Lisk protocol contains four default modules, `token`, `sequence`, `keys`, and `dpos`, which contain the six transactions shown in the table below.

Reviewer: It would be nice to stick to one sentence = one line as it makes the GitHub review a bit easier.

Reviewer: Just to put here my original comment and suggestions to remove
>There is a set of different transaction and each of these transactions has an specific validation and execution logic.

and add the following after the sentence "Similar transactions ...".

> Apart from the module-specific account properties, a module defines the validation and execution logic for every transaction contained within that module.

Reviewer: Could we have feedback from @shuse2  whether it makes sense to phrase it like that. I agree that there is a BaseModul and BaseAsset interface and you need to implement the second for implementing the transaction logic. My understanding is that conceptually everything is still referred to as module

Author: changed as suggested and added a link to accounts section for clarity

|===
|*Transaction*|*Module*|*Purpose*

|*token transfer*|*token*|Transmit funds to another Lisk account
|*delegate registration*|*dpos*|Register a delegate for the account
|*delegate vote*|*dpos*|Submit or remove vote(s) for delegates
|*token unlock*|*dpos*|Unlock locked tokens
|*multisignature group registration*|*keys*|Register a multisignature group for the account
|*delegate misbehavior report*|*dpos*|Report a misbehavior of a delegate
|===

== Transaction properties

> image::unif_diagrams/BaseTransaction.png[TxDiagram,width=339,height=310]

Reviewer: The term `type-specific Asset` may be a bit unclear/misleading. We could also but `Bytes` here and the write below:
>Every pair of values (moduleID,assetID) must uniquely correspond to one asset schema defined in the respective module, which defines how to deserialize the bytes provided in the transaction asset.

Author: added the sentence at line 78. Modified the diagram as requested.

In Lisk, the state of accounts is updated by transactions included in a xref:{url_blocks}[block].
Every account can issue a transaction, with the corresponding signature and data.

> There is a set of different transaction and each of these transactions defines a specific logic for modifying accounts depending on the transaction data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar transactions are grouped together into one module. 
Apart from the module-specific account properties, a module defines the validation and execution logic for every transaction contained within that module. 
```

Author: worded differently because I think that a module does not define a transaction (the specific asset does)

Reviewer: I created a new comment below so I resolve this one.

> In the table below, a summary of these transaction  and the purpose each of them serve is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lisk protocol contains four default modules, `token`, `sequence`, `keys`, and `dpos`, which define the transactions shown in the table below.
```

Author: modified the wording because I think that a module does not define a transaction (the specific asset does)

Author: Also, `sequence` module does not contain any transaction per se, but I think it is ok to leave it like this

Reviewer: The new formulation sounds good!

|===

> |*Transaction*|*Purpose*

Reviewer: Maybe I would add a "Module" column to the table.

|*token transfer*|Transmit funds to another Lisk account
|*delegate registration*|Register a delegate for the account
|*delegate vote*|Submit or remove vote(s) for delegates
|*token unlock*|Unlock locked tokens

> |*multisignature group registration*|Register a multisignature group in the account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*multisignature group registration*|Register a multisignature group for the account
```

> |*delegate misbehavior report*|Report a proof-of-misbehavior of a delegate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*delegate misbehavior report*|Report a misbehavior of a delegate
```

=== `asset`

This property contains the data specific to the type of the transaction.

> Every pair of values (`moduleID`,`assetID`) must uniquely correspond to one asset schema defined in the respective module. The section <<types,Transactions>> describes the different transaction with respect to the `asset` property of each of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every pair of values (`moduleID`,`assetID`) must uniquely correspond to one asset schema defined in the respective module. 
The section <<types,Transactions>> describes the asset schema and general transaction logic for all transaction in the default modules listed above.
```

Reviewer: I tried to make the sentence a bit more precise and clear. E.g., "the different transactions" is a bit vague.

=== `asset`

This property contains the data specific to the type of the transaction.

> Given a specific value for the  properties `moduleID` and `assetID`, there exists a unique `asset` property.

Reviewer: >  The values of `moduleID` and `assetID` together uniquely correspond to one asset schema.
Or
>  Every pair of values  `(<moduleID>,<assetID>)` must uniquely correspond to one asset schema defined in the respective module.

Reviewer: As it is not just one value, but the two values which define it. And it is rather a unique schema than a unique asset property (key-value pair).

== Minimum balance

A <<transfer,token transfer>> transaction must make the balance of the receiving account equal to or greater than 5 × 10^6^ (0.05 LSK in Lisk Mainnet).
Subsequently, any transaction sent from an account is only valid if the resulting balance of the sender account is at least 5 × 10^6^.
This constraint exists to account for the cost of creating and storing accounts in Lisk.

[[types]]
== Transactions

> The 6 different transactions available in the Lisk protocol are listed in the table displayed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 6 different transactions from the default modules of the Lisk protocol are listed in the table displayed above.
```

Each one induces a concrete operation on accounts and is defined by a unique schema and transaction logic.
The specific data is given in the `asset` property previously mentioned.
The key points and useful information for each of these transactions are commented in the following subsections.

[[transfer]]
=== Token transfer

image::unif_diagrams/BalanceTransferAsset.png[BalanceTDiagram,340,211]

This transaction transfers the amount of tokens specified in the `amount` property from the xref:{url_accounts}[account] corresponding to the `senderPublicKey`, i.e. the sender account, to the account specified in `recipientAddress`.
This transaction offers the possibility to send a message in the optional property `data`.

[[delegate]]
=== Delegate registration

image::unif_diagrams/DelegateRegAsset.png[DelegateDiagram,332,151]

> This transaction registers the sender account as a xref:{url_consensus_voting_and_weight}[delegate] with the name given in `username`. A valid name contains only characters from the set _[a-z0-9!@$&_.]_ and has to be at most 20 characters long.

Reviewer: I think the typesetting of the regular expression is broken. Maybe use `code` for it?

For self-votes, i.e. if the `delegateAddress` property of the transaction is equal to the account xref:{url_accounts_address}[address], this period is 260,000 blocks (around 30 days).

[[multisignature]]
=== Multisignature group registration

image::unif_diagrams/MultisigRegAsset.png[MultisigDiagram,375,204]

This transaction registers the sender account as a multisignature group account.
The set of [#index-mandatory-2]#*mandatory*# keys needs to be specified in `mandatoryKeys` whereas the set of [#index-optional-2]#*optional*# keys have to be specified in `optionalKeys`.
The total number of keys required for every future outgoing transaction from the account is given in `numberOfSignatures`.
Once this transaction is included in a block, every transaction from this account has to be signed by an applicable set of private keys.

[[pom]]
=== Delegate misbehavior report

image::unif_diagrams/PoMAsset.png[PoMDiagram,330,184]

> This transaction reports a proof of misbehaviour of a certain delegate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transaction can be utilized to report a misbehavior of a certain delegate.
```

Reviewer: Report a proof seems a bit redundant. Note that also the spelling is changed to American English.
